That's enough!
What I mean is...
Fritters with Coffee
I like them all.
Ah!
Ha churros with coffee
So tight and relaxed
The relaxation of the alcoholic
One tight and one loose
Chen Sheng, you are such a genius
I'm going to let them bite the dog
What do you mean?
How do you do that?
I want Song Yuchuan and Lu Xianxian to bite the dog
Let's do it.
I want advertising sponsorship
Give him all the movies and TV dramas suitable for Mengxianxian
Don't ask why
My new movie is for that guy
Yes, it is the opposite of Best Actor Song
It's him I'm running from.
That role was mine
Why should he give it to me?
Nemesis, be quiet
What if it is photographed?
I'm still afraid of being photographed.
I think you are afraid
What are you talking about?
I heard you're dating a lot now
It's rare to have time to see me
Song stupid
Are you speaking human language?
What you say is not human words, are you doing personnel?
Oh, pregnant.
eyeball
Step on me
Are you drinking human blood steamed buns?
I see you are with Tang Yao
Golden dog molecule
You think of me like that?
Get out of here
What do you want to do with the soup?
Don't worry.
To negotiate a deal with you
I don't have a deal to talk to you about
Death Report